How to Join a Whitelist
Joining a whitelist means that your address will be able to participate in an IDO.
Note: You need to stake at least 1000 BSR in order to join the IDO. However, if you are a winner of Gleam, you do not need to stake BSR. You will be added to the whitelist as a Gleam winner and be able to purchase tokens once the IDO event begins.
1. Navigate to https://bsr.binstarter.io/ and click IDO Projects from the main menu links.
2.From the Projects Coming Soon section, you will be able to join the whitelist for any of the upcoming projects. There is a timer for each project which is the countdown until the IDO and until when you will be allowed to join the whitelist for that particular project. Click any of the projects you wish to participate in comes the IDO schedule.
The blockchain network of the project token is displayed, make sure that you have the available network added to the same wallet connected to BinStarter.
3.From the project page, click Join Whitelist button. Once clicked, it will show that you have joined and you will have the chance to participate in the IDO of the project comes the IDO date.
Note:
In Pools 1 to 8, addresses are automatically allowed to participate in the pool that corresponds to your tier level as per your staked BSR.
The Pool which has a "WHITELIST" label similar to the below picture is the pool you are eligible to participate in.

How to Participate in a BinStarter IDO
Note: BinStarter supports MetaMask and Trust Wallet. Make sure that BinStarter App is connected to either of the two wallets when participating in an IDO.  
1. From https://binstarter.io/, click APP from the main menu link or you may directly navigate to this link https://bsr.binstarter.io/.
2. From the BinStarter Application website, click IDO Projects. It will display all the projects that will be launched at BinStarter. The projects with IDO as the current date will be displayed in the Projects Open Now section. Click the project name or logo to proceed.
The blockchain network of the project token is displayed on the top-right corner of the page (beside the wallet address) showing the current network selection.  Make sure are connected to the network of the project you are participating in.
3. From the IDO page, project details and links are displayed. There will only be 1 pool for all Tier levels from 1-8 and Gleam Winners. This is where you will be able to purchase the project token. The higher the pool, the higher the project allocation limit that you will be able to purchase.
Note: Addresses are automatically allowed to participate in the pool that corresponds to your tier level as per your staked BSR.
BSR minimum staking requirement and corresponding allocation multiplier per tier level:
Tier 1 - min 1000 BSR - 1x Guaranteed Allocation
Tier 2 - min 2000 BSR - 2x Guaranteed Allocation
Tier 3 - min 4000 BSR - 4x Guaranteed Allocation
Tier 4 - min 8000 BSR - 8x Guaranteed Allocation
Tier 5 - min 16000 BSR - 16x Guaranteed Allocation
Tier 6 - min 32000 BSR - 32x Guaranteed Allocation
Tier 7 - min 64000 BSR  - 64x Guaranteed Allocation
Tier 8 - min 128000 BSR  - 128x Guaranteed Allocation
If you clicked on the "Join Whitelist" button on the project page the day before the IDO, you will see the Whitelisted label on the pool and will be eligible to purchase project tokens. 
4. From the sale pool, enter the Amount you wish to spend on a project allocation. Check which network the IDO is on and make sure that you have adequate corresponding tokens in the wallet connected to BinStarter APP to cover the total amount including the network fees. Click the Approve button to proceed.
5. MetaMask (or the wallet address with which you're connected to the BinStarter app) confirmation popup will then be displayed. Click the Confirm button to approve the purchase.
6. After approving the buy order, click the Swap button to complete the process of purchasing project tokens.
7. MetaMask confirmation popup will then be displayed. Click the Confirm button to swap a stable coin with the project token.
8. Purchased project tokens will be available from My Allocations page before the day of Tokens Generation Event (TGE) You will be able to claim the token through My Allocations according to the project token vesting schedule.

BinStarter Tier System
The BinStarter Tier System benefits BSR token holders. The higher the tier, the better access you have to BinStarter's IDOs and the more rewards you earn when staking BSR. 
The new Pool screen gives you convenient way to increase your tier level and fill you with BinStarter’s Tier System details.
a. IDO Allocation Mutiplier - displays the guaranteed allocation weight as per the staked BSR and the total BSR currently locked for staking
b. Staking Section - option to stake and unstake BSR can be done from this section
c. Earned BSR - total earned BSR reward and option to claim reward will be made available from this section
d. Locked BSR - the total BSR currently locked for staking by all BinStarter investors and the current market value in USD can be viewed from this section
e. Tiers - option to view each tier level’s benefits and details is available from this section by clicking the tier level.
Tier 1 - min 1000 BSR - Lock Period 7 days - 1x Guaranteed Allocation - 1% APY
Tier 2 - min 2000 BSR - Lock Period 14 Days - 2x Guaranteed Allocation - 2% APY
Tier 3 - min 4000 BSR - Lock Period 21 Days - 4x Guaranteed Allocation - 4% APY
Tier 4 - min 8000 BSR - Lock Period 30 Days - 8x Guaranteed Allocation - 6% APY
Tier 5 - min 16000 BSR - Lock Period 60 Days - 16x Guaranteed Allocation - 8% APY
Tier 6 - min 32000 BSR - Lock Period 90 Days - 32x Guaranteed Allocation - 10% APY
Tier 7 - min 64000 BSR - Lock Period 120 Days - 64x Guaranteed Allocation - 12% APY
Tier 8 - min 128000 BSR - Lock Period 150 Days - 128x Guaranteed Allocation - 15% APY

For all the details on the BinStarter Tier system, just head over to our Support page at this link: https://support.binstarter.io/article/18-binstarter-tier-system. Check it out!

Advance Stake Dashboard
Advance Stake Dashboard has been made available from Pool page to provide users easier staking process and create a clearer and more transparent information flow.
Users will now be able to control the whole system from a single pool and automatically switch between Tiers. By increasing staking BSR amount, users can easily switch to a higher tier without waiting for the unstake time.
To know each tier level’s benefits, you may click any of the Tiers and it will display the corresponding details.

The Staking Requirements
To qualify for each tier, you must meet the minimum staking requirements with your BSR. The higher the IDO allocation pool you want to participate in, the more BSR you need to stake and in return, will also yield higher staking rewards. Make sure to stake the minimum BSR for the tier level that suits you best. 
Each tier has minimum staking requirements as per below:
Tier 1 - min 1000 BSR
Tier 2 - min 2000 BSR
Tier 3 - min 4000 BSR
Tier 4 - min 8000 BSR
Tier 5 - min 16000 BSR
Tier 6 - min 32000 BSR
Tier 7 - min 64000 BSR
Tier 8 - min 128000 BSR
A user who stakes 2500 BSR will be eligible for Tier 2 since the BSR requirement of Tier 2 ranges from 2000 to 3999 BSR. 
If a Tier 2 user who has 2500 BSR in the staking pool adds extra 6000 BSR in the new pool, he will easily become a Tier 4 user that will increase the IDO allocation and staking rewards without losing time.
Here is another example for users who will also join farming while staking in pools. Let’s say you stake 32000 BSR in Tier 6 and you have 16000 BSR + 10 BNB LP pair in farming. 
In this condition, with a total of 32000 + 16000*2 = 64000, you will have the allocation right at Tier 7 level.

BSR Staking Rewards
In addition to access to BinStarter's IDOs when you stake BSR, you will also receive staking rewards. The reward increases depending on which tier you are participating in. 
BSR staking will continue to pay out high APY rewards, where 8 different tiers are integrated with different APY rates and a standard emission calculation. We are a community project so our priority will always be our community. According to our token plan, a sizable supply of tokens is dedicated to staking rewards. Therefore, APY rates will continue at the highest emission-based level. Below are the APY in place for each tier level:
Tier 1 = 1%
Tier 2 = 2%
Tier 3 = 4%
Tier 4 = 6%
Tier 5 = 8%
Tier 6 = 10%
Tier 7 = 12%
Tier 8 = 15%

Allocation for BinStarter's IDOs
All tiers provide access to a guaranteed allocation which means that you can participate in all BinStarter IDOs. The size of the allocation varies from project to project but the higher the tier the greater the allocation available to you. 
IDO allocation multiplier will be determined by the amount of BSR you stake. The multiplier value will determine the limit of the allocation you will be eligible for in an IDO. 
Pool weights equivalent per tier level are as follows:
Tier 1 - 1x Guaranteed Allocation
Tier 2 - 2x Guaranteed Allocation
Tier 3 - 4x Guaranteed Allocation
Tier 4 - 8x Guaranteed Allocation
Tier 5 - 16x Guaranteed Allocation
Tier 6 - 32x Guaranteed Allocation
Tier 7 - 64x Guaranteed Allocation
Tier 8 - 128x Guaranteed Allocation

Unstaking BSR
The lock period begins as soon as you click on the "Unstake" button. Once you have done this, the tokens will no longer be added to the Tier calculation for IDO allocations once the unstaking process starts, but you will continue to receive staking rewards during and until the unstaking process has been completed. At the end of the lock period, you may claim your $BSR back to your wallet.
When the Unstake counter is reset, the stake income will automatically stop.
If a user changes his mind and wants to join an IDO after initiating an unstake, he can cancel the unstake process and reset the duration.
Additionally, depending on which tier you are participating in, your BSR will be locked for a set period of time. They cannot be moved during this period.
Tier 1 - Lock Period 7 days
Tier 2 - Lock Period 14 Days
Tier 3 - Lock Period 21 Days
Tier 4 - Lock Period 30 Days
Tier 5 - Lock Period 60 Days
Tier 6 - Lock Period 90 Days
Tier 7 - Lock Period 120 Days
Tier 8 - Lock Period 150 Days

Loyalty Bonus
We will start to distribute additional BSR for our long term stakers. Reward ratio will be 1/1000 of the minimum BSR staking amount of the user's existing Tier at the time of distribution. 
First distribution will be done after 150 days in staking for a new user and he/she will continue to receive a loyalty bonus every 150days until he/she starts the unstake process no matter which Tier he/she is in.

How to Setup MetaMask Wallet
A. Install MetaMask Wallet
1. MetaMask is available to download through the MetaMask website found on this link, https://metamask.io/.
2. Click Download button found on the top-right corner of the page. Option to install on Chrome, iOS, and Android are available. Click Install MetaMask for Chrome button if you wish to install MetaMask in Chrome. Otherwise, select either iOS or Android depending on the device you are using.
3. You will then be redirected to a similar page as below. Click Add to Chrome button.
4. You will be redirected to Welcome to MetaMask page after installing successfully. Click Get Started button.
5. Click Create a Wallet button. You can also import an old wallet if you have one by clicking Import wallet button.
6. Read the data gathering notice and click I Agree button if you agree and No Thanks button if you do not.  Either option will not affect your MetaMask usage.
7. Provide the new password and confirm the same. Password must be 8 characters long. Click Create button to proceed.
8. Watch the video and click Next to proceed.
9. Note down the Secret Recovery Phrase in the order it appears as this phrase will be provided on the next page, click Next once done. Otherwise, click Remind me later to do this step later.
10. Select the words to form the Secret Recovery Phrase in the order it was shown on the previous page. Click Confirm to continue.
11. You will see a similar screen as below after providing the correct Secret Recovery Phrase.
12. MetaMask wallet has been successfully installed. By default, Ethereum Blockchain is set up on MetaMask.
13. From your browser, pin MetaMask in Extension section for ease of access. To do this, click Extensions icon and click the Pin icon associated with MetaMask.
14. Whenever you need to access MetaMask, click MetaMask logo from the Extension section of your browser.
15. To expand MetasMask into a full web page, click the three dots and click Expand view.
B. Add Binance Smart Chain on MetaMask
1. From MetaMask wallet, click the Networks dropdown and add Add Network button.
2. Navigate to the Networks tab and click Add a network button.
3. From Add a network screen, fill-up the form as per below details. Click Save button after filling up the form to add Binance Smart Chain to MetaMask wallet.
Network Name: Smart Chain
New RPC URL: https://bsc-dataseed.binance.org/
ChainID: 56
Symbol: BNB
Block Explorer URL: https://bscscan.com
4. Binance Smart Chain has been successfully added.
C. Add Polygon Network on MetaMask
1. From MetaMask wallet, click the Networks dropdown and add Add Network button.
2. Navigate to the Networks tab and click Add a network button.
3. Navigate to the Networks tab and fill up the form as per below details. Click Save button to add Polygon Network to MetaMask.
Network Name: Polygon
New RPC URL: https://polygon-rpc.com
Chain ID: 137
Currency Symbol: MATIC
Block Explorer URL: https://polygonscan.com/
4. Polygon network has been successfully added.
D. Add BSR Token to MetaMask Wallet
1. From your MetaMask Wallet, click Import tokens link.
2. You will then be redirected to Import Tokens screen. Add BSR contract address in Token Contract Address field as 0xab287e6D370C61f105630e656B5468ACB4D00423.
3. Click Import Tokens button to proceed.
4. BSR token has been successfully added to MetaMask.

How to Setup Trust Wallet
A. Install Trust Wallet
1. Trust wallet is only available for download on mobile devices.
2. On your mobile device, visit Google Play Store (Android devices) or App Store (iOS devices). Search for Trust Wallet. Click Get button to install the application.
3.  After successfully installing Trust wallet, open the app from your mobile device.
4. Click Create a new wallet button. You can also import an old wallet if you have one by clicking I already have a wallet link.
5. Read the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service and tick the checkbox and click Continue button. Note that you will not be allowed to proceed without ticking the checkbox.
6. Tick the radio buttons and click Continue button. Note that you will not be allowed to proceed without ticking the radio buttons.
7. Note down the Your Secret Phrase in the order it appears as this phrase will be provided on the next screen, click Continue once done.
8. Select the words to form Your Secret Phrase in the order it was shown on the previous screen. Click Continue to proceed.
9. You will see a success message prompt after providing the correct secret phrase.
10. Click Enable button. This will allow you to receive transaction notifications.
12. Trust wallet has been successfully installed. Few cryptocurrencies will appear by default including Bitcoin, Ethereum, BNB and Smart Chain.

B. Enable Polygon Network in Trust Wallet
1. From Trust wallet, click the Menu icon.  
2. Scroll the tokens or search Polygon from the search bar. Click enable button.
3. Polygon Network has been successfully enabled.

C. Enable BSR Token in Trust Wallet
1. From your Trust Wallet, click the Menu icon.
2. Scroll the tokens or search BSR from the search bar. Click enable button.
3. BSR token has been successfully enabled.
How to Add BSR Token to MetaMask Wallet
1. From your MetaMask Wallet, click Import tokens link.
2. You will then be redirected to Import Tokens screen. Add BSR contract address in  Token Contract Address field as 0xab287e6D370C61f105630e656B5468ACB4D00423. The rest of the fields will be auto-filled.
3. Click  Import Tokens button to proceed.
4. BSR token has been successfully added.

Claiming Rewards
One of the benefits of staking BSR is earning stake rewards. Daily reward is earned based on the Annual Percentage Yield (APY) depending on your tier level. Equivalent APY per tier level are as follows:
Tier 1 = 1%
Tier 2 = 2%
Tier 3 = 4%
Tier 4 = 6%
Tier 5 = 8%
Tier 6 = 10%
Tier 7 = 12%
Tier 8 = 15%
Reward Calculator
Reward Calculator is available from Pool screen. Enter the BSR amount and it will automatically display the daily reward based on the APY of the corresponding tier level of the entered amount.
Early Reward Withdrawal Tax
Withdrawal of rewards is now charged with 30% tax. The  withdrawal tax fee decreases by 1% per day if the reward is not claimed. When rewards are claimed, the early reward withdrawal tax will be reset.
Claiming of Rewards
1. Rewards can be claimed at the earliest every after 24 hours from the last claim time.  A countdown timer will be displayed giving the time left until the rewards can be claimed.
Click CLAIM REWARDS button once the countdown is finished. 
2. Metamask (or any wallet attached to BinStarter App) confirmation popup will be displayed to approve the transaction. Review the transaction that you are about to make and click  Confirm button if everything is in order.
3. After the successful transfer, the countdown timer will reset to 24 hours and the tax to 30%.
4. Verify the receipt of the claimed BSR tokens from https://bscscan.com/. 

How to Unstake BSR
Note: Depending on which tier you are participating in, your BSR will be locked for a set period of time. Your tokens cannot be moved during this period.
Tier 1 - Lock Period 7 Days
Tier 2 - Lock Period 14 Days
Tier 3 - Lock Period 21 Days
Tier 4 - Lock Period 30 Days
Tier 5 - Lock Period 60 Days
Tier 6 - Lock Period 90 Days
Tier 7 - Lock Period 120 Days
Tier 8 - Lock Period 150 Days
1. Navigate to the BinStarter App found on this link https://bsr.binstarter.io/. Click Pool from the main menu links. 
2. From the staking section, click the Unstake button to proceed with the unstake process.  The lock period begins as soon as you click on the "Unstake" button. Once you have done this, the tokens will no longer be added to the Tier calculation for IDO allocations, but you will continue to receive staking rewards during the cool-down period. At the end of the lock period, you may claim your BSR back to your wallet.
3. Click COOLDOWN button to proceed.
4. Read the pop-up message and if you agree, click Yes, I want to Unstake button.
5. The wallet confirmation pop-up will appear to confirm the approval of the cooldown. Review the transaction that you are about to make and click the Confirm button if everything is in order.
6. After initiating the unstake process, a message similar to the screen below will appear during the lock period.
Canceling the Unstake Process
If you change your mind and wants to join an IDO after initiating an unstake, you can cancel the unstake process anytime and reset the lock duration.
1. To cancel the unstake process, click the CANCEL UNSTAKE button shown when you click Unstake. This will undo the unstake process.

How to Buy BSR from PancakeSwap
A. Connect Wallet to PancakeSwap
1. Navigate to https://pancakeswap.finance/. From the home page, click Connect Wallet found in the top-right corner of the page.
2. Connect Wallet popup will then be displayed. Click the wallet you want to connect with PancakeSwap. Option to learn how to connect is also available.
3. Connect With MetaMask popup will then appear, BNB address in your MetaMask wallet will be displayed by default. Click Next to continue.
4. Confirm the address by clicking Connect button.
5. Your BNB wallet will then appear on the top-right portion of the page after successfully connecting your MetaMask wallet with PancakeSwap.
B. Import BSR Token in PancakeSwap
Note: You only need to do this step if it is your first time to swap any token to BSR token.
1. Hover Trade from the menu link and click Swap.
2. From the Swap tab, the option to swap is available on the right side of the page. Click the token dropdown to select BSR.
3. Enter BSR contract address as 0xab287e6D370C61f105630e656B5468ACB4D00423 or simply type "bsr" from the search bar.
4. Read the notice and tick the I understand checkbox to enable Import button.
5. BSR token has been successfully imported to PancakeSwap.
C. Buy BSR in PancakeSwap using BNB
1. Hover Trade from the menu link and click Swap.
2. From the Swap section, select the pair you want to swap with each other. Enter the amount and click Swap button.
Note: In order to swap BSR with another token, make sure that you hold some funds in that token to be swapped to BSR.
3. Check the transaction details and click Confirm Swap button.
4. MetaMask confirmation popup will be displayed. Check the details of the swap you are about to do and click Confirm after checking that everything is correct.
5. Swap transaction has been completed. Check the swapped BSR from your MetaMask wallet.

Yield Farming
Buy Cake-LP to Farm BSR Token
1. Navigate to https://pancakeswap.finance/ and click Connect Wallet button to connect the wallet of your choice.
2. After successfully connecting your wallet to PancakeSwap, hover Trade from the main menu links and click Liquidity. A similar screen as below will be displayed. Click + Add Liquidity button.
3. Select BNB/BSR pair from Add Liquidity screen. To add BSR token, paste this address "0xab287e6d370c61f105630e656b5468acb4d00423" and click Import button.
4. BNB/BSR pair has been successfully selected.
5. Enter the amount you want to farm and click Supply button.
6. Check the transaction details and click Confirm Supply button. From this screen, it will show how many Liquidity Pool (LP) tokens you are getting as in ‘Share of Pool’. The number of LP tokens will be set by Pancakeswap according to how much liquidity you are providing.
7. MetaMask confirmation popup will be displayed. Check the details of the swap you are about to do and click Confirm button after checking that everything is correct.
8. Transaction has been completed. You now have Cake-LP tokens added to your wallet which you can stake in BinStarter to earn BSR rewards through the liquidity mining program. 
To add Cake-LP token to your wallet and see your Cake-LP balance, click Add Cake-LP to Metamask button.
B. Stake Cake-LP Token
1. Navigate to BinStarter found on this link https://bsr.binstarter.io and click Farm from the main menu link. Your Cake-LP balance is displayed.
2. Press MAX button to stake the available Cake-LP balance or enter the amount of Cake-LP you want to stake. Click APPROVE button to continue.
3. A confirmation popup will be displayed to confirm the approval of the Cake-LP amount to stake. Review the transaction that you are about to make and click Confirm button if everything is in order.
4. After confirming the transaction, click Stake button to complete the process of staking Cake-LP.
5. A confirmation popup will be displayed to confirm staking of Cake-LP. Review the transaction that you are about to make and click Confirm button if everything is in order.
6. Cake-LP has been staked successfully.  

Unstaking Cake-LP Tokens
Farming unstake period is 14 days. 
Old Farming Tools
All users in the farming pool should start the unstake process till October 12, 2022. Transitions to the new farming pool should be completed latest till October 22, 2022. Farming rewards in the old farming pool will be stopped on October 22, 2022.

Referral Program - BinStarter.io
Get rewarded up to 1% (in BSR) for every friend you refer to the binstarter.io
NO REFERRAL LIMITS! You can refer as many friends as you want; you may also choose to share the reward with your friends.
Rewards will be transferred instantly - Referrer and Referee* will receive their bonuses immediately once all conditions are met. 
*Referee will only be rewarded if the Referrer chose to share the reward.
How do I refer others to Binstarter.io?
1. Navigate to MY PROFILE page by clicking the wallet address found on the top-right corner of the screen. 
2. From MY PROFILE screen, the two invite links will be available. Share the link with your family and friends to start earning.
What do I receive for successfully referring new users to the Binstarter.io?
You will be qualified to receive up to 1% BSR from the Referee's BSR staked amount. If the Referee has multiple staking transactions within a year then the Referrer will be qualified for a reward for each transaction.
Your reward rate will be depending on the link that you choose to share with the Referee.
OPTION 1
If the referrer chose the first link to share with the referee and the referee starts to stake BSR then only the referrer gets 1% BSR as a reward.
Referral Bonus Table for option one:
OPTION 2
If the referrer chose the second link to share with the referee and the referee starts to stake BSR then the referrer gets 0.5% BSR and the referee also gets 0.5% BSR as a reward.
Referral Bonus Table for option two:
How to qualify for the referral bonus?
Referrers can share their referral link without having any conditions met.
Important Notes about the "Referral Program"
If a referee had already staked BSR in the past, the referral link will be invalid and this user will receive a "Defined User" status.
If a referee has never staked BSR before, he/she will receive a "Registered User" status for a year, after he/she stakes BSR via the last referral link that has been clicked. The referrer will be receiving a bonus from all the stakes that the "Registered User" does for the first year.
Bonus ratio will be the same with the first reward ratio from the same referee for all new stakes for the whole year as the ratio depends on the referral link that was shared during the invitation process.

Transition to New Staking Tier
Now is time to start the unstake process for all our BSR holders in existing tiers. To do this, head to https://oldbsr.binstarter.io/stakes and do the normal unstaking steps. Users who unstake in the old pool will be able to click on the "Join Whitelist" button and will be able to join IDO without losing any rights and will continue to earn stake rewards during the transition process.
The deadline new tier transfer dates are given below for the holders in different tiers:
Tier 1: Funds should be transferred to the new tier until October 14, 2022.
Tier 2: Funds should be transferred to the new tier until October 18, 2022.
Tier 3: Funds should be transferred to the new tier until October 23, 2022.
Tier 4: Funds should be transferred to the new tier until October 28, 2022.
Tier 5: Funds should be transferred to the new tier until November 12, 2022.
Tier 6: Funds should be transferred to the new tier until December 12, 2022.
Tier 7: Funds should be transferred to the new tier until January 12, 2023.
Tier 8: Funds should be transferred to the new tier until February 12, 2023.
NOTE: When the deadlines for the pools are over, the old pools will stop awarding and the users who do not carry out the transfer will lose their right to allocation. In order to avoid loss of rights, funds should be moved to the new pool within the given time. You must stake your BSR in https://bsr.binstarter.io/stake to continue receiving stake rewards and join BinStarter IDO.

How to Upgrade Your Tier Level
With BinStarter v5 updates, we have updated our pool system. Users may now increase their tier level by staking more BSR from a single pool and automatically switch between Tiers. By increasing staking BSR amount, users can easily switch to a higher tier without waiting for the unstake time. 
The staking feature on BinStarter is available in BSC. Staking BSR will generate rewards and will enable you to participate in a BinStarter IDO.
1. Navigate to the BinStarter App found on this link https://bsr.binstarter.io/. Click Pool from the main menu links.  
Note: Each of the tier levels has a different minimum staking requirement. The higher the tier, the higher is the project allocation limit you may purchase during the IDO.
BSR Minimum Staking:
Tier 1 - min 1000 BSR
Tier 2 - min 2000 BSR 
Tier 3 - min 4000 BSR
Tier 4 - min 8000 BSR
Tier 5 - min 16000 BSR 
Tier 6 - min 32000 BSR 
Tier 7 - min 64000 BSR 
Tier 8 - min 128000 BSR
2. From the staking section, enter the amount from the Amount field and click the APPROVE button.
3.  A popup will be displayed to confirm the approval of the BSR amount to stake. Review the transaction that you are about to make and click the Confirm button if everything is in order.
4. After confirming the transaction, click the STAKE button to complete the process of staking BSR.
5. A confirmation popup will be displayed to confirm to stake BSR. Review the transaction that you are about to make and click the CONFIRM button if everything is in order.
6. After successfully staking BSR, the page will automatically refresh and display the new total locked BSR and its corresponding values such as: 
- IDO Guaranteed Allocation multiplier
- Total Staked BSR
- Current Tier level
- Earned BSR
- Option to Claim Rewards with a countdown as to when you may be allowed to claim your BSR reward

Why APY is decreasing?
The APY rates are dynamic and may change over time. As more people stake their BSR, the APY rates may decrease slightly. But no need to worry - this is just a way to make sure that the supply of BSR stays controlled and doesn't get diluted.

How to participate in the IDO after joining the whitelist:
You'll be able to purchase from the IDO pool during the upcoming IDO event. To get started, simply click on this link: https://bsr.binstarter.io/ido/projects and select the IDO project you're interested in. Once you're on the project page, you can easily enter the pool and complete your purchase. If you need more detailed instructions, check out this handy guide: https://support.binstarter.io/article/9-how-to-participate-in-an-ido.

Community ambassadors
We're looking for ambassadors to help us connect with local members of the community and share all the exciting programs we offer at BinStarter. If you're interested in learning more about this role, feel free to reach out to angel@binstarter.io for additional details. We can't wait to hear from you!

How to claim tokens 
You'll be able to claim your tokens only after TGE! To find out the exact time you can claim them, simply head over to the "My Allocations" page at this link: https://bsr.binstarter.io/my-allocations. We've got everything you need to know right there for you!

How to claim remaining tokens
You'll be able to claim some of your tokens right away at TGE from the "My Allocations" page found at this link: https://bsr.binstarter.io/my-allocations. The remaining tokens will be released based on the vesting schedule of the IDO project, but don't worry - you'll still be able to claim them from the "My Allocations" page as well.

Airdrops
We usually run awesome airdrop campaigns, and you can find all the details pinned to our Telegram announcement channels. If you haven't subscribed yet, you can join us by clicking on this link: https://t.me/BinStarterAnnouncement. Don't miss out on these exciting opportunities! 🤩

Binstarter V5 
With the BinStarter V5, all of our tiers will now have a guaranteed allocation! This means that no matter which tier you're in, you can be confident that you'll receive an allocation that's right for you! 👍
Thanks to the BinStarter V5 update, every BinStarter tier will now come with a guaranteed allocation. While the size of the allocation may vary depending on the project, the higher your tier, the greater the allocation available to you.

Previous IDO Project Allocations
Hey there! If you're curious about previous IDO project allocations, you can find all the details you need by checking out this link: https://blog.binstarter.io/tag/ido-igo/ 
IDO allocation multipliers are determined by several factors, including the amount of BSR you stake, the number of participants in the IDO, and the total funds raised for the specific IDO. The multiplier value will determine the limit of the allocation you're eligible for in an IDO.
In case you're wondering about pool weights, here's a breakdown by tier level:
Tier 1 — 1x Guaranteed Allocation
Tier 2 — 2x Guaranteed Allocation
Tier 3 — 4x Guaranteed Allocation
Tier 4 — 8x Guaranteed Allocation
Tier 5 — 16x Guaranteed Allocation
Tier 6 — 32x Guaranteed Allocation
Tier 7 — 64x Guaranteed Allocation
Tier 8 — 128x Guaranteed Allocation
We hope this helps you plan your participation in IDO events with ease. Let us know if you have any other questions! 🙂"

Lottery Gleam Winners
We always announce the Gleam winners one day before the IDO event! 
You can check the winner list on our "IDO & IGO" blog through this link: https://blog.binstarter.io/tag/ido-igo/Look for the "IDO Allocations + Details" section for the specific project you're interested in and the winner list will be there for you to check out!
The number of winners we select depends on the availability of the project's allocation, but we usually pick 40-100 lucky winners!

Latest news and updates:
Hey there! Make sure you're subscribed to our official channels to stay up to date on all of our latest updates.
We also have a blog repository where you can find the latest announcements, community updates, support guidelines, and more. Click on this link https://blog.binstarter.io/ to access all the latest information.

BinStarter social media accounts and channels:
If you want to stay up-to-date on all the latest news and announcements from BinStarter, we have a few channels you can follow! 
For official announcements, head to our Telegram Announcement channel at https://t.me/BinStarterAnnouncement.
We also share updates on our Twitter account at https://twitter.com/BinStarterio and on our blog at https://blog.binstarter.io/ So feel free to follow us on these platforms to stay in the loop!

To make sure you can participate in any IDO project, start staking BSR at least a day before the IDO since the whitelisting process for BSR stakers ends 24 hours before the event. To join the Whitelist of the IDO project you're interested in, simply click the "Join Whitelist" button on the IDO Project page at https://bsr.binstarter.io/ido/projects. For more information on participating in an IDO, please refer to this guide: https://support.binstarter.io/article/9-how-to-participate-in-an-ido.

Blockchain and purchasing method for each project's IDO is decided based on their specific needs. If you're curious about which chain will be used for the project you're interested in, head on over to this link: https://bsr.binstarter.io/ido/projects. There, you can find all the information you need to participate in the IDO, including which blockchain will be used.

Whitelist registration
In order to participate in the whitelist registration, you'll need to register your wallet address.

Slippage
If you're experiencing issues, you can try increasing your slippage to 1.1% or higher - that might just do the trick! 😉

How to upgrade to higher tier level and increase IDO pool
You can increase the IDO pool you're eligible for is by staking more BSR into a single pool and automatically moving up the Tiers. By adding more BSR to your staking pool, you can easily switch to a higher Tier without having to wait for the unstaking period. This means more opportunities to participate in exciting projects! 

What is EIP and how does EIP work?
Basically, the EIP is a specialized insurance protocol that goes above and beyond to protect our community. It constantly evaluates the project's performance during the TGE and keeps a close eye on the token price throughout the entire vesting schedule. If the token price remains below the IDO price for 5 consecutive days, the EIP kicks in and our community is directly refunded. It's just one of the ways we're working to keep our platform safe and secure for everyone involved!
If you're interested in learning more about our Extended Insurance Protocol (EIP), we've got a great blog post you can check out: https://blog.binstarter.io/eip/

What is FCFS?
Once the round for the BSR stakers with guaranteed allocation and for the Gleam winners is over, we begin our FCFS or "first-come-first-serve" sale 🙂
BinStarter offers 2 types of FCFS. The first one is open to all BSR stakers and allows them to purchase any remaining tokens if available. The second one is a public FCFS which happens only if there are any tokens left from the initial rounds. This public round is available to everyone and has no requirements. To stay updated on FCFS announcements, subscribe to the BinStarter telegram channel at https://t.me/BinStarterAnnouncement .
Please note that allocation is not guaranteed for FCFS, as it depends on how quickly you can complete the purchase. To secure your allocation, we strongly advise staking the minimum BSR and becoming part of a tier level. This will provide the comfort of a guaranteed allocation 👍
The allocation amounts for FCFS rounds are dependent on the leftover token amount from the pool sales. Because of this, we're not able to announce allocation amounts in advance.
BinStarter offers 2 types of FCFS. The first one is open to all BSR stakers and allows them to purchase any remaining tokens if available. The second one is a public FCFS which happens only if there are any tokens left from the initial rounds. This public round is available to everyone and has no requirements. To stay updated on FCFS announcements, subscribe to the BinStarter telegram channel at https://t.me/BinStarterAnnouncement .
Please note that allocation is not guaranteed for FCFS, as it depends on how quickly you can complete the purchase. To secure your allocation, we strongly advise staking the minimum BSR and becoming part of a tier level. This will provide the comfort of a guaranteed allocation 👍